Cake or pie?
Beer or wine?
What's your favorite place you've ever travelled to?
Have you ever missed a flight?
If you could go anywhere where would you go?
If you had to be stuck in an elevator with anyone in this room who would you choose?
Have you ever fallen for a tourist trap?
What is the scariest thing you've ever done?
If you can only eat one category of food for the rest of your life which one? (Ex. Pasta/Italian, Mexican food, Sushi, soups, salalds, BBQ)
What is your most embarrassing public fall?
When was the last time you got lost?
What is the worst job you have ever had?
What is the best job you have ever had (can't say current).
If you could be any kind of animal what would you be and why?
Favorite comfort food?
What's something on your bucket list that you have ticked off?
What's your favorite "guilty pleasure"?
What is a unique skill you have that you wouldn't list on a resume (for example 'sense of direction' or 'can burp the alphabet')?
If you could have a super power what would it be?
What was your favorite vacation you took as a child?
When was the time you have had to pee the most ever?
What is the best gift you've ever received?
When did you stop believing in Santa?
What is your favorite tv show?
What is your favorite movie?
Have you ever cried at work?
Where did you go on your first "real date"?
Do you have any siblings? Do you like them?
Do you usually remember your dreams?
Would you rather go to the beach or the mountains?
Have you ever had food poisoning? Can you still eat the food that gave it to you?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
Where were you born?
What was the last thing you splurged on?
If you could time travel to any time what would you go to and why?
What's your zodiac sign? Do you think that you fit it?
What is a secret skill you have that isn't on your resume? For example: amazing sense of direction, great at spelling, can tell what's in a recipe just by tasting a dish.
What was the worst date you've ever been on?
Have you ever been on a blind date?
What's the spiciest thing you've ever eaten? Did you enjoy it or no?
Who would play you in a movie?
Would you rather be too hot or too cold?
What's your favourite movie?
What was the last game you played? (board game, computer game, sports game)
Do you remember the first time you lost a tooth?
Do you have any tattoos?
What was your favorite subject in high school?
Do you prefer sweet or savory foods?
If you could be an animal what would it be?
Who would you like to have lunch with? Can be anyone, they don't need to be alive.
Do you consider yourself an introvert or extrovert?
Have you ever sleep walked?
What work-related skill do you wish you had?
Which actor do you feel is completely overrated? Which one is completely underrated?
What is your favorite book or poem?
What is your go-to Starbucks/coffee shop order?
What's a book you like?
What's a place you like?
